! log discriminator, filter log messages
! in this case, stop transceiver low power receive warnings from flooding logging
logging discriminator LOWPOWER severity drops 3 facility drops SFF8472 mnemonics drops THRESHOLD_VIOLATION 
logging buffered discriminator LOWPOWER 1024000
logging console discriminator LOWPOWER
logging monitor discriminator LOWPOWER
logging source-interface GigabitEthernet0/0 vrf Mgmt-vrf
logging host 198.51.100.9 vrf Mgmt-vrf discriminator LOWPOWER

! list TCAM utilization
sh platform hardware fed active fwd-asic resource tcam utilization

! my favorite uptime and reload reason command
sh logging onboard switch 1 rp active uptime detail

! BGP nexthop table
sh ip bgp attr nexthop rib-filter

! BGP stuff
route-map REPLACE_AS permit 10
     set as-path replace {any | as-path-string}

! BGP stuff
neighbor 192.0.2.1 path-attribute discard 26 in
neighbor 192.0.2.1 path-attribute treat-as-withdraw 26 in

! BGP stuff
bgp bestpath as-path multipath-relax

! FED CPU packet capture
clear platform hardware fed active cap trigger
debug platform hardware fed active capture trigger ipv4 1.1.1.1 1.1.1.2 icmp
debug platform hardware fed active capture trigger int hu1/0/52 ingress
debug platform hardware fed active capture start
sh platform hardware fed active capture trigger
sh platform hardware fed active capture status
sh platform hardware fed active capture packet
sh platform hardware fed active capture detail ingress
sh platform hardware fed active capture detail egress
!
sh platform hardware fed active capture psv ingress
sh platform hardware fed active capture psv egress

! some commands TAC had me run for what turned out to be a bad ASIC core
show platform software infrastructure punt
show platform software infrastructure detailed packet
show platform software infrastructure lsmpi driver 0
show platform software infrastructure lsmpi driver 1
show platform software fed active punt cause summary
show platform software fed active punt cpuq brief
show platform software fed lsmpi stat
!
sh controller ethernet-controller hu1/0/51 phy detail
sh controller ethernet-controller hu1/0/52 phy detail
show platform software fed active ifm mapping
show platform software fed active xcvr lpn 51 link_status 
show platform software fed active xcvr lpn 52 link_status 
diagnostic start module 1 test 4 port 51
show diagnostic result module 1 test 4 detail

! if you want to dig around in the underlying Linux system
sh platform software mount
sh platform software mount switch 1 r0 dir /etc
sh platform software file contents switch 1 r0 /etc/passwd
